hi there and welcome to the sea to block
my name is Kevin stomer and I'm an Adobe
certified instructor in Photoshop
Illustrator and InDesign here at c2
today I'm going to be walking you
through the steps to create your own
custom twitter background using
Photoshop to start we're going to launch
Photoshop and we're going to create a
new document now the settings that i
found work best for twitter are a width
of fifteen hundred pixels a height of
800 pixels and a resolution of 72 pixels
per inch in RGB color mode now this may
seem a little elongated but one of the
things you have to keep in mind is with
Twitter CSS the page only Scrolls on the
horizontal scale it does not scroll on
the vertical scale except for the
twitter feed and in the essence your
picture remains static so you have to
make sure that it's long enough to
accommodate the page the other thing
that you have to keep in mind is if you
have any important information see a
company logo your name contact
information pictures that you want to
keep from being covered up by this
twitter feed in the standard screen mode
you want to make sure that you're within
200 pixels of the left edge of your page
so what i've done here is i've pulled
out a guide to 200 pixels and that
allows me to have a live area to work
with now i'm just going to open up a
design i did for my own personal twitter
page and you can see I've got my guide
set up here at 200 pixels I've got my
photo my logo and my name and
information over here on the left this
is my protected information so you can
design anything you want in Photoshop as
long as you keep in mind when you go to
save out Twitter only accepts three
settings and that is jpg PNG or a jiff
file I'm going to save mine out as a
jpeg file and when I go to the JPEG
options dialog box the one thing that I
want to pay particular attention to is
my file size right here Twitter can
accept a maximum file size of 800 k and
right now I'm a little bit over that so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to go
over to my quality and I'm going to drop
it down one setting so I'm going to go
from 12 to 11 doesn't seem like a
but instantly I've dropped my file size
2 530 2k so that's well within the
limits of Twitter so I'm going to hit OK
save out my jpg and then head over to my
browser now inside of Twitter you will
have to log into your account and under
the Settings tab you're going to go to
design now once in the design window you
can change your background image your
colors or select a theme from Twitter
we're going to change our background
image and in here we're going to choose
a file so we're going to go to our
desktop and find the file that we
created and then we're going to click
Save Changes now when we click Save
Changes it'll take about 30 seconds for
this to load and once it loads it'll
give us a verification message at the
top of our window so here's my
verification message your profile
customization has been saved and
everything looks good I've got my
picture over here everything is well
within the norms if I want to double
check it I can go to my page and click
home and go to Twitter and everything
looks good as is so that's how you
create a custom twitter background using
photoshop be sure to check out our
website see to gps com and check out our
blog 100% fresh you can also check our
page for class updates new events and
any kind of user group feeds you wish if
you want to follow me my handle is case
ttle thanks and looking forward to
hearing from you on our next feed